add-supertokens-to-authentication.md (#22223)
vercel/next.js: docs/authentication.md

- [with-passport](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-passport)
- [with-passport-and-next-connect](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-passport-and-next-connect)

> ### SuperTokens

Reviewer: Could you move this down to the bottom of the file please? I don't want to show preference by adding a new provider at the top.

Author: Of course that makes sense! Done now :)

<details open>
  <summary><b>Examples</b></summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-supertokens">with-supertokens</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

> [SuperTokens](https://supertokens.io) is an open source secure authentication system with many features such as credentials login, email verification, reset password flows, and third party logins.

Reviewer: Maybe in your one-sentence summary talk about why you'd chose it over the others? Open source is probably important. "secure authentication system" is likely implied.

Author: Good advice! I've updated to reflect that SuperTokens takes a modular approach while being customisable.

[Userbase](https://userbase.com/) supports the static generation pattern for authentication. It's open source and allows for a high level of security with end-to-end encryption. You can learn more about it in their [official site](https://userbase.com/).

### SuperTokens

<details open>
  <summary><b>Examples</b></summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-supertokens">with-supertokens</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

> [SuperTokens](https://supertokens.io) is a highly customisable, open source auth split into modules so that you use only what you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[SuperTokens](https://supertokens.io) is a highly customizable, open-source solution split into modules (so you only use what you need).
```

> SuperTokens currently supports credentials login, email verification, reset password flows and third party logins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SuperTokens currently supports credentials login, email verification, password reset flows, and third-party logins.
```
